Copy edits (#132)
websight-io/docs: docs/docs/developers/development/dialogs/date-picker/index.md

## Description

> The Date Picker component allows the user to pick a date, time or datetime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Date Picker dialog field allows the user to pick a date, time or datetime.
```
